exercise meditation goal visualization
reading yeah yeah yeah we all know about
rich people's healthy habits for success
but what about the weird ones like
dipping your feet in the toilet or
storing inspirational rotten apples in
your desk it's the more bizarre side of
the rich and famous when Steve Jobs was
a young man working for Atari he
relieves stress by putting his feet in
the office toilet no need to take his
shoes off first he often went barefoot
back then he didn't shower often either
and only ate fruits and vegetables he
believed this clean diet kept him from
having body odor he'd also eat the same
food for weeks on end
they say at one point he'd eaten only
carrots for so long that his skin turned
orange while we're on the subject of
feet Nikola Tesla was a fan of toe
wriggling exercises he did a hundred
every night on each foot he believed it
stimulated brain cells and prolongs life
Tom Hanks collects old typewriters he
has about 300 of them most still in
working order he writes regularly on the
machine anywhere he can in a hotel on a
plane on the beach he even created an
iPad app that makes type writing sounds
Bill Gates used to memorize the license
plates of all of his employees cars in
the parking lot that way he'd know if
someone arrived late or left early gates
didn't like laziness and others or
himself and often work weekends he was
able to relax a little once his company
achieved massive success work hard now
play hard later when Mark Zuckerberg
interviews new employees he takes them
for a walk in the woods and talks about
the importance of technology for the
world Thomas Edison also had his own
quirky way of interviewing potential
staff before hiring someone he invited
the candidate to a bowl of soup if the
person added salt and pepper before
trying it Edison wouldn't hire them he
believed people who season the soup
before tasting it held too many
assumptions that limited their logical
thinking
Nintendo producer and video game
designer sugar
miyamoto always keeps a measuring tape
in his pocket he just loves measuring
things around him to see how close his
guest was Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey eats
only once a day between 6:30 a.m. and
9:30 p.m. his singular meal is usually
fish chicken or steak with salad or
spinach
he says eating once a day helps him feel
more focused he also spends one hour and
15 minutes walking from his home to his
office every day Sara Blakely the CEO of
Spanx could easily walk to work since
she lives near her office but she still
gets in her car and drives around the
block for an hour before getting to work
she says it helps her stay focused and
good thoughts come to her mind during
this fake commute prolific and eccentric
inventor Yoshi Rowe Nakamatsu covered
his bathroom in gold and made sure there
wasn't a single nail in it because nails
block his thinking well maybe that's
what helped him come up with his 3,000
inventions Henry Ford like to eat weeds
that grew in his yard he even made
sandwiches from it he compared the human
body to a car engine and believed he
could get fuel for the body from the
environment
I guess that included weeds 18th century
poet Friedrich Schiller couldn't write
if he didn't smell the stench of rotten
apples he kept the fruit in a drawer and
let it spoil on purpose
the stench was apparently so bad that it
sent his fellow writer friend Goethe
running to the window for some fresh air
but Schiller insisted that the odor
enhanced his creativity Tim Kendall
executive director of MoMA tap takes an
ice bath every day it's not a blast of
cold water at the end of a hot shower
like many people do no no Kendall pours
ice into a tub full of water and sits in
it every morning for five minutes it
supposedly helps him focus and recharge
his energy Warren Buffett admits to
having a terrible diet cola chips
burgers McDonald's for breakfast every
morning but the business magnate gets a
kick out of it he also likes playing
bridge online to relieve stress
he once organized a tournament with
friend Bill Gates Creek Cooper
co-founder of Boost Mobile eats five
cans of sardines every day he considers
sardines a superfood and believes
everyone should eat them like he does
Clark Benson the CEO and founder of
rancor is such a busy guy that he can't
waste his precious time on a trip to the
barber
so Benson calls the stylist to his
office he not only gets a haircut in the
middle of the day but also gets his
eyebrows dyed his co-workers say he also
takes off his shoes and socks while
working in the office
even during serious meetings maybe he
was inspired by Steve Jobs Laura
Alber CEO of williams-sonoma is a super
meal prepper she can spend the entire
weekend cooking for the week ahead
with each day having its own special
dish at least she doesn't have to eat
the same thing twice in one week
same can't be said about sociology of
style founder and AK burry cheats the
same thing for breakfast and lunch every
day she says it allows her to spend less
time on choosing food so she can focus
on more important things
virgin group founder Richard Branson
wakes up at 5:00 a.m. every single day
he exercises first thing in the morning
and that can include a kite boarding
sesh oh by the way Branson loses with
the early wakeup stood Wayne the rock
Johnson who gets up at 4:00 a.m. hey
getting up that early is extremely
bizarre in my book so I included it but
the oddest habits of these famous faces
are they're surprisingly modest ones
Mark Zuckerberg wears the same t-shirt
in pants every day and drives an
ordinary Volkswagen designer Michael
Kors is also a fan of wearing the same
daily uniform IKEA creator Ingvar
Kamprad flew economy class drove an
inexpensive Volvo for years stayed in
budget hotels and bought food from local
farmers right before the markets closed
for the day he did that so he could
bargain for a discount billionaire and
chairman of Dish Network Charlie Ergen
packs his lunch in a little brown bag
every day even when simple folk like you
and me are guilty of eating out for a
quick midday meal
this guy is more frugal than most Jeff
Bezos the CEO of Amazon and the world's
richest person currently still hand
washes his dishes when he could clearly
afford a dishwashing machine Bill Gates
is also a fan of doing his dishes the
old-school way I don't know I think
doing the simple stuff keeps you
grounded